we see the full bloom for a couple of
days but then of course when the rain
comes and the wind comes suddenly
everything is after the cherry blossom
is the green the season of the green and
then the hot humid summer comes dry but
beautiful autumn and then winter and
then the cherry blossom again will let
us know that the spring has come and
it's being repeated and repeated
throughout my life throughout my
father's life and throughout all
Japanese people's life this tree is for
us Japanese not only beautiful but such
a magical power with a cherry blossom
it's not spring
I'm traveling from my home city Adelaide
the southern part of the country right
through the middle of the country right
to the north of this continent once we
reach Thursday Island a whole Orchestra
from all different parts of the country
are going to fly off with their
instruments and we're going to perform a
concert for the people at Thursday
Island
a very wise person convinced my parents
to put me on to something that would
channel my energy
summer is actually not about you know
frolicking along in in the water on a
nice hot afternoon drinking lemonade you
know it's not about that it's actually
about the impact of of our environments
and how it can be your friend but mainly
how it can be an absolute lifestealer
the most beautiful season is for the
colors are beautiful the trees change
the light is very special
you start notice the leaves turning and
and you have to go into the park to see
it because you know if you look at those
few trees that line the streets of New
York it's hard to tell because sometimes
they turn and then you know week later
it's gone New York is great in that you
have very distinct seasons you know if
you live in Southern California Hawaii
or Florida you might not see that at all
and you know I love seeing the very
clear turning points I love the autumn
because
now if it's of course middle of winter
this is this is February and it's
actually a great part of the year
especially here because because it's
getting so much lighter really really
quickly the Sun is you can almost see
the Sun in June you have the time when
for several weeks the Sun doesn't go
down at all and of course that's the
time for great drinking and and parting
and celebration and and in December when
the Sun doesn't go up for several weeks
that is a time for great drinking and
flirting